So can you talk to me?
Why all of a sudden?
It's because you kissed me that you're responsible for me.
Don't care so much.
Everybody's an adult.
This is just an impulse between two adults.
This impulse can happen frequently to you.
All right.
Just be friends.
Angry.
Congratulations to the host.
Thank you, the action is 100% worth it.
Yeon-yeon, I'm wrong.
I shouldn't have said you didn't have a chance.
I've never been in love before.
I don't know what to say.
What do you call me?
I didn't call you next year.
The mind is a little wild, sore throat.
I don't like to call my sister.
Mrs. Yen
Sister.
Dear, this is a gift for you.
Look at you.
What else did you bring?
Hey, I heard there was a car accident down the mountain. Are you okay?
It's okay, mother-in-law.
We were fine last night.
It's not easy to go out under this mountain in a car accident.
We can only find a hotel under the mountain.
This hotel has no rooms.
I can only make the floor in my room.
Oh, the floor in Southern Heaven is so wet.
Quickly take a hot bath to remove moisture.
Hi Hong Nhan.